at least as renner started with the customer I always belonged
to realize the company's value proposition to have a complete company offers
quality products
it is a differentiated proposal really
the demand is to go to the program without being in good shape to identify with the company
and also with 40
is retail size farnel I like retail pace
so the kinect camera is a company that offers many challenges and I
already knew
so my choice for ren was greatly affected
the first moment in which this contact with the company
proposal of enchanting clients puts the company's maxim already enchanted
with the client
since then I have the opportunity to experience high
very dumb
currently this year contract
it is a duty of many challenges, we work very focused on results, right?
is a company that provides
because it has an environment that provides growth
so every day we evaluate all the metrics that shows us the beginning of the
our brand - we work has no name what is made up of three managers
prudent planning the product manager to style manager each
with its well-defined functions
and the
I like the train is different from planning every day I evaluate the goals
my brand
that they are seeing the margin in money and then I can monitor it based on the
behavior is in the store is but we have stores with roughness of the cimpor file by
size of the store by location which is super important because we
we have achieved a full year sizalinda of the commitment of our brand in each of the
favorite
when who sits in the renner but we do not want
only meet these expectations we have overcome them
and that's why we work there every day in the contract
nor with all our analysis routines awaiting performance evaluation
this afternoon tries to try to muffle the powerful voice
my future at renault and mclaren came with a long date
Mello has come to the father to make a career since active birth if there are three to
six months
and I have already been able to witness the essentials that the company that provides me
the enabling environment for development
so we hope to involve the air
and it is from changes not only professional
but also give you all my recent actions to achieve my goals
half-life online
Because it's a company here, it makes us
very much involved or erased at the emergency center is not every day but we have
seven challenges that motivated us and inspire us, and this really motivates us
who likes company challenges
for sure
this study